Issue Test Authentication Key
Before Issue Authentication Key, you must receive Verification of the Request content using the Test Authentication Key.
Log in to the ERP (https://login.ecount.com), then go to User Customization > Information API Authentication Key Issuance > API Authentication Status > click the Key Issuance button to issue the Authentication Key.
The issued Authentication Key is valid for two weeks.
※ Since this is an Actual authentication through Verification, if there are continuous Request s using the Test Authentication Key without making a Request, access may be blocked without notice.
Issue Authentication Key can be renewed up to 3 times, and additional renewals are possible after Request and review.
Dev. Verification
You only need to perform Verification for the APIs you want to use, not for all Item s.
Analyze the content requested with the Test Authentication Key in Ecount, and if appropriate, automatically proceed with Verification.
※ Verification is carried out simultaneously with the Request.
Proceed with a Request to the test URL http://sboapi.ecount.com, and once the transmission Succeeded, the Verification will be completed.
※ You can also log in with the Test Authentication Key when performing API Direct Execution on the URL http://sboapi.ecount.com page.
Verification is limited to the requested API. If you wish to use additional APIs, please proceed with additional Request s using the Test Authentication Key.
You can check the list of verified APIs in User Customization > Information > API Authentication Key Issuance > API Authentication Status.
Issue Authentication Key
You need to obtain an Authentication Key to integrate with the ECOUNT API.
Log in to the ERP (https://login.ecount.com), then issue the Authentication Key from the User Customization > Information > API Authentication Key issuance screen.
The issued authentication key is valid for one year.
Use Open API
To call the Ecount Open API, a session ID is required, and the session ID can be issued through the login API.
The issued session ID can be used for the configured Hour(s) (ERP Login > User Customization > Configuration > Security Setup > Auto Logout settings), and if you call the Sales Order API or Sales API once, it can be used again for the configured Hour(s).
※ If you do not call the Sales Order API, Sales API, etc. during the configured Hour(s), the session ID will no longer be valid and you will need to obtain a new one through the login API.
To use the input API for Sales Order, Sales, etc., the Item you want to use must be added to the ERP Web Uploader.
※ ECOUNT Web Uploader settings can be configured via each input menu > Bottom ECOUNT Web Uploader button > Add Web Uploader Fields.